hello youtube this is nirav you on my
windows live messenger 2011 because I
got some complaints on my old one I
haven't learned my friends and they were
complaining and so on alright so let's
start witness on messenger 2011 so as
you can see they got a new sign in
screen which already has some failings
for example if you want to remember
yourself on the computer you can
remember and your ID and the password
but there's no option to remember only
your ID without password and that's
really really so if you don't want your
arm mates or your family to sign in to
windows live messenger automatically you
will have to type in your email and
password every time so let's click on
sign it
and it's starting up
coming up all right um if you start the
winter semester 2011 for the first time
you should get screen basically
something like this this is new thing in
vanilla messenger which enables you to
show the most recent things that your
friends have done so for example
highlights most prevalent updates from
your friends recent things you can see
your own updates some photos and some
more options you can see only their
status messages only their links and
only their videos so check check it out
um this is the button to refresh the
page to see if they have done something
new but I don't like really this new
singer like the old messages so again
you have you cannot change the theme
background and your profile picture and
your status over here a general that
early if you fold mouse on your profile
picture so you get this menu here then
the new menu here like for adding or
expanding the messenger some options
here which will do later and to open up
your inbox you can search contacts or
here in this serve up your contacts list
invitations and things that you are
connected currently 2 i'm only connected
to witness on messenger but if you
connect to for example in a slob I don't
know more makeup or mail it should be
shown over here and the new options to
add some services do with us on
messenger for example Facebook if you
sign into facebook or innocent messenger
your face contacts will be over here
displayed and you have some other and
you can always add your own and if you
press alt you will get the basic on
toolbar with file contacts actions those
and help okay I get the message but
now all right so let's do this your name
and surname menu so you can change the
status in this menu you can sign up from
here so i know from everywhere exit
messenger give your profile on overcame
edit your name this editing is really
annoying because you have to edit your
name online you can edit you can't edit
it directly in videos on messenger and
you can't add only you name it out your
surname even though if they say you can
make it that only your name is shown not
your surname but i don't see that often
so if someone knows how to do that
please post it and comment personalized
changing picture changing the theme and
oops sorry click on edit your name and
changing oops and changing the badges
which I still don't know what they are
and really actually don't care because
don't complicating things then switching
to full view showing the menu bar which
i'm going to show you is pressing by
pressing the Alt but if you check it you
have to uncheck it to remove it help
center and some basic more options so
personal some options sign in contacts
messages is three medications sounds
privacy connection and yeah that's all
then adding friends creating new
favorites group category adding the
friend searching for someone add people
from other services so from like
facebook or anything
and yeah this should be basically it on
the messenger now on my previous minus a
messenger review i got from client that
I haven't done the messenger
conversation changes so I decided to do
it now so as you can see they got some
new style smileys this is my smile to
add it and this one also so some news
smiless and semi Winx let's check for it
smilies autumn I'm articles whatever I
want so yeah they actually got I like to
say it more embossed so they're more 3d
some new wings yeah basically not to is
still here invite people to this
conversation then some more options here
change the font shown to show you the
menu bar again also works with by
pressing the Alt help center more
options again the same window and always
on top so if you open up a window The
Messenger will stay on top actually only
the conversation with it so yeah um
there's some changes by sharing the
files if you face the link from youtube
for example it will open up the video in
the conversation we know and also
sharing pictures so if you paste the
picture your print screen or whatever it
will be opened in the same conversation
with them there should be some new
options but i think this contact use the
older messenger version so let's try
this one oh yeah here this so I'm
article share files photos online album
files okay video call I saw in one
review that there's a video message on
Venus a messenger 2011 probably on beta
because I don't have it here so not play
a game with your friends voice mail
activities so yep invite people
again the same menu over here alright
that's all thanks for watching I hope
you enjoyed and learned against
something you actually can learn you can
only see the new things alright thanks
for watching have a nice day and good
bye